REMEMBER: write time of execution on even task of executed;

     
     


Last: -----
	created some logic in mind "How do i can initiale words even 24 hourse";
	some refactoring of table "Dictionary"
	fixing some back-end error of refiactoring table "Dicitonary";
	
	
Next:

	fixing error of refiactoring table "Dicitonary";
	checking projects;
	
		add kafka to spring boot
	
	redis experience and redis persitence;
	
	Add Map property field to field "dateReapeat";
	Adding to that field as key word, as value time;
	
	Checking dictonaries and synchronyze that wth redis while visiting dashboard page;
	
	To do something with experience in redis; Set time to expire by "x".
	Set to x seconds to end of current time in match with timezone;
	
	internationalization; 
	after internilization add redis  persitence_days;
		
	add ability send message for admin to all
	add paying system;

	Add ability to Admin send messages to all people;
	Then add time;
	And then add time to messages that get user;

    I need set time-zone for even user, and display time in match with even time-zone;
	Change path in AdminController; RequestController path;
	Add abilitz to pass money from one account to another;
	Add ability pay with cards;
	
	connect ability send message for admin;
	Add to top menu checkbox with messages;
	Add to cabinet of user and admin change languages, with dropbox, choose between en and german;
	Add ability to write us(us-company);
	 
	familiar more with JwtResponse as response to htto in angualr;

	Block to user login to web-site if his enable.equals(true);
	
	parse time in UserProcess of method() get_timezone();

To do bz default learning two languages;

	add system of pay;
	
	Add to admin ability send message to all users;
	Add icon of messages to web-site;
	
	How do i can use kafka ?
	
	adaptive "review-books" to mobile;
	Add 30 histories;
	Add ability choose word and get translate and that then goes to dictionary as new word for learning
	Add ability to admin create new hostory;
	add ability translate words of histories;
	add to back-end exception of address not found for sending confirm email;
	display mistake in case if registration process not sended email due tue problems;
	Add if dictionaries german,en and ru exists then disable those  buttons in admin cabinet;
	Add ability toggle yourself to German language;
	
	Add scheduling with sending statistics;

	initialiye disconnected userö
	
	Add JasperReports for creating report for admin about statistics of web-sites;
	May be i should use there is kafka;
	
For end project;
End pages;
progress(persistence_learning);
training(history and persitance_learning);
history;
Add ability write us;
Add ability to admin write to all;
Clear mess of back-end and front-end;

With registration of user add automatically detecting:
country, languages, time_zone, target_learning_language;
Connect that toggling in cabinet;
Display choosen language: for registration user;


German is not need for resume, that all after that,
Later i can add translate
I should familiary closer with broker of messages, if that won't be satisfied for me then create table:
permission_role: Admin
message: --
Target_role: USER;

 	  	In table "User" create another table "Preferences" and there add all other preferences;
 	  
 
front-end: 
creaate anothe page of cabinet for admin;
fix bottom menu on page "dictionary" that's broken, that' absolute position;

I can connect translator in top_menu;

Improvements of project:
0. Add "phone_number" to registration column
1.

Do i should use ResponseEntity in project with REST architecture;

Add in back_end some logic to variable of persitence_day:
use redis table,
set cashe destroy after 24 hourse;

in th end: adaptive design to  mobile, smal ssize monitor

Add creating statistics to "progress" page:
Generating static graphics;cd

Write redis and mongodb manualles;

Add empty page to TV "We work on this page"

Add test of turing by enter to web-sites;

revise video by topic: "spring boot + redis" or "spring data  + redis";

Fast check_marks on github
0.Add images to describe github from github/images...
1.Add describe redis database, "How use redis";
2.Add describe mongodb, "How use mongodb";

Add only 3 attempts to checking e-mail;

https://www.mkyong.com/spring-boot/spring-boot-how-to-send-email-via-smtp/

Add registration by phone;

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/26549379/when-use-responseentityt-and-restcontroller-for-spring-restful-applications

Checking:
1. 
2. Fix toggling from "dictionary" to "dashboard";
	To tie back-end and front-end validation for both process of registration and log_in;
3 read about animations add anumations to all apges;
4. Reread, rewise and checking this 
https://www.djamware.com/post/5d3332980707cc65eac46c7b/spring-boot-security-mongodb-angular-8-build-authentication
5. Some modifiication to tables(add):
Country(USER table)
TownRegistration(USER table)
TimeZone(USER table)
Languages(USER table), that for displaying letters, simple information, from which languages read web-site

6. Add ability toggle yourself between different languages
7. Add front-end toggle languages;
8. automatically login after registration;
9. Use instead int byte, BUT before read information about this topic ;
10. Exclude "a", "the" from words, beacuse translator can't translate;
11. Add more comments to code;
12. 
set in trainining-words if numbers of words less than...
or create something that can proceed less amount of words;
13. Confirm password of registration by email;
To do that with phone and email;
14.
back-end,maybe some front-end:
correct some "completed process of connecting redis count experience"
persistance of learning for front-end for page "dashboard" 
persistance of learning for front-end for page "resut-training-words"
persistance of learning for front-end for page "progress" 
15. add JIRA to Spring Boot




Add in another project multithreading;
















SEOPULT for marketing of web_site;
















Write programming languages on base of java;3
Write app only with 0 and 1;
Telegramm bot on java












Написать серверный чат на Java. как соедующий проэкт.
Может быть с использованием сокетом
Может быть с исопльзование многопточного программирования.


script on java?For arch-linux?

file: .config/i3(home directory); 
vim ~/.conkyrc
execute conky  
usermod -aG banan
Вы добавили пользователя имя_пользователя в группу log. Теперь имя_пользователя может читать файлы логов, и conky сможет отображать журнальные записи на рабочем столе.




yaourt -S feh
feh --bg-scale /home/banan/arh-linux-config/wallpaper.png
Add folder with images to web-site;


add instructions on installing conky
corky:
 yaourt -S ttf-pizzadude-bullets 
Add to linux, output bad words on bad password;
add folder for setting fah to a project and set that in arch-linux projects;
Add automatically execution in terminal some command on start i3;
may be use some another programm or SCRIPT
YES, i should simple write script, that's quite interesting;
After start terminal automatically open beuatiful arch images with parameters;
change cursor of i3


9. Add protect to gmail;
	If i lose my phone;
10. How do i can attack another computer from arch-linux

Install torrent
yaourt -S qbittorrent 

